Update Chakra UI examples to latest versions. (#23585)
vercel/next.js: examples/with-chakra-ui-typescript/README.md

```

Deploy it to the cloud with [Vercel](https://vercel.com/new?utm_source=github&utm_medium=readme&utm_campaign=next-example) ([Documentation](https://nextjs.org/docs/deployment)).

## Notes

> Chakra has supported Gradients and RTL in version 1.1, To Utilize RTL you may follow the chakra way to add RTL direction and swap [Chakra docs](https://chakra-ui.com/docs/features/rtl-support).
> 
> if you do not have multi direction web app you should make `<Html lang="ar" dir="rtl">` inside /\_document file.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Chakra has supported Gradients and RTL in `v1.1`. To utilize RTL, [add RTL direction and swap](https://chakra-ui.com/docs/features/rtl-support).

If you don't have multi-direction app,  you should make `<Html lang="ar" dir="rtl">` inside `_document.ts`.
```
